README.md, before:

# Controls:
- **Move:** WASD / Left Stick
- **Look:** Mouse / Right Stick
- **Zoom:** Scroll Wheel / Left and Right Bumpers
- **Right Hand:** Right Mouse Button / Right Trigger
- **Left Hand:** Left Mouse Button / Left Trigger
- **Jump:** Space / Bottom Button
- **Interact:** E / Left Button
- **Throw:** *Hold 1 Second* X / Top Button

## How to Play
- Find the well (Pull the lever).
- Find the Coin on the ground. Grab it by looking at it and holding the Left or Right Hand button.
- Take it over to the Wishing Well. Drop it in to recieve a ball.
- Use the ball in the cannon or throw it at the can stack (or, *secret reveal* drop it in the well).
- To use the Cannon, place the ball in the back end of the cannon and press interact (E).
  - The yaw angle of the Cannon can be adjusted by grabbing it or nudging it with your body.
  - **Bug** Sometimes when adding in the Ball the cannon goes all wonkey and may not fire right. Just reload and try again.
- To throw the ball (or anything else you can hold) hold the Throw (X) button for a second. Upon release of the button the object will be thrown.

Hint: The coin will always reappear somewhere. Check the floor.

---

I did not focus on the Environment or the assets, therefore the map is a single room and the props are made up of primitive objects.

Commit message:

Update README.md - added caution.

README.md, after:

# Controls:
- **Move:** WASD / Left Stick
- **Look:** Mouse / Right Stick
- **Zoom:** Scroll Wheel / Left and Right Bumpers
- **Right Hand:** Right Mouse Button / Right Trigger
- **Left Hand:** Left Mouse Button / Left Trigger
- **Jump:** Space / Bottom Button
- **Interact:** E / Left Button
- **Throw:** *Hold 1 Second* X / Top Button

## How to Play
- Find the well (Pull the lever).
- Find the Coin on the ground. Grab it by looking at it and holding the Left or Right Hand button.
- Take it over to the Wishing Well. Drop it in to recieve a ball.
- Use the ball in the cannon or throw it at the can stack (or, *secret reveal* drop it in the well).
- To use the Cannon, place the ball in the back end of the cannon and press interact (E).
  - The yaw angle of the Cannon can be adjusted by grabbing it or nudging it with your body.
  - **Bug** Sometimes when adding in the Ball the cannon goes all wonkey and may not fire right. Just reload and try again.
- To throw the ball (or anything else you can hold) hold the Throw (X) button for a second. Upon release of the button the object will be thrown.

Hint: The coin will always reappear somewhere. Check the floor.
Caution: Balls that role down the ramp will be deleted if not caught (hence the hand cart).

---

I did not focus on the Environment or the assets, therefore the map is a single room and the props are made up of primitive objects.
